The Project Gutenberg eBook of Little Jack Rabbit and Mr. Wicked
Wolf, by David Cory

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Little Jack Rabbit and Mr. Wicked Wolf

Author: David Cory

Illustrator: H. S. Barbour

Release Date: October 21, 2022 [eBook #69200]

Language: English

Produced by: Alan, Charlene Taylor and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
             produced from images generously made available by The
             Internet Archive)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND MR.
WICKED WOLF ***





                        LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND
                            MR. WICKED WOLF




                      _LITTLE JACK RABBIT BOOKS_
                        (Trademark Registered)

                                  BY
                              DAVID CORY


 LITTLE JACK RABBIT’S ADVENTURES

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND DANNY FOX

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND THE SQUIRREL BROTHERS

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND CHIPPY CHIPMUNK

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND THE BIG BROWN BEAR

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND UNCLE JOHN HARE

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND PROFESSOR CROW

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND OLD MAN WEASEL

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND MR. WICKED WOLF

 LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND HUNGRY HAWK

[Illustration: “Here Are Some Christmas Presents,” Said the Little
Bunny.
_Little Jack Rabbit and Mr. Wicked Wolf. Frontispiece_--(_Page 9_)]




                      _LITTLE JACK RABBIT BOOKS_
                        (Trademark Registered)

                        LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND
                            MR. WICKED WOLF

                                  BY
                              DAVID CORY

                               Author of

                       LITTLE JACK RABBIT BOOKS
                          THE ICEBERG EXPRESS
                         THE MAGIC SOAP-BUBBLE
                     THE CRUISE OF THE NOAH’S ARK
                            THE WIND WAGON


                            ILLUSTRATED BY
                             H. S. BARBOUR


                               NEW YORK
                           GROSSET & DUNLAP
                              PUBLISHERS

                 Made in the United States of America




                          COPYRIGHT, 1923, BY
                           GROSSET & DUNLAP




CONTENTS


                                    PAGE

  THE LITTLE FIR TREE                  7

  XMAS EVE                            11

  XMAS DAY                            15

  MR. WICKED WOLF                     19

  THE THINKING CAP                    23

  BRAVE YELLOW DOG TRAMP              27

  SANTA’S REINDEER                    31

  PHOTOGRAPHER CRANE                  35

  THE MILKY WAY                       40

  HOME AGAIN                          45

  RESOLUTIONS                         49

  LONELY TIMES                        54

  THE BUNNYSNOBILE                    58

  THE OLD WEDDING STOVEPIPE HAT       62

  THE POLICEMAN DOG                   66

  THE OLD HOLLOW STUMP                70

  MR. MINER MOLE                      74

  PRECIOUS STONES                     78

  THREE GUESSES                       82

  POOR LADY LOVE                      86

  MR. MERRY SUN                       90

  BOBBIE REDVEST                      94

  THREE OLD RASCALS                   98

  A PRISONER                         102

  THE RABBITVILLE TROLLEY            106

  FARMER DADDY LONGLEGS              110

  ACORN COTTAGE                      114

  JENNY WREN’S PENNY                 118

  HUNGRY HAWK                        122

  CANDY CATS AND CHOCOLATE MICE      126




LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND MR. WICKED WOLF




THE LITTLE FIR TREE

  The little fir tree in the wood
  All through the year has been so good,
  That now the winter time is here
  And Xmas day so very near,
  The birds have chosen it to be
  A happy little Xmas tree.


“Little rabbit,” said Professor Jim Crow as he opened his little Wisdom
Book, “let me read you something, for this is the season of good cheer
and happy hearts and Xmas stockings and cranberry tarts.” And then that
wise old bird turned to page 23 and began:

  “When you hang up your stocking
  Along the chimney place
  In hope that Santa Claus will fill
  Up every little space,
  Oh, don’t forget the beggar child
  Who wanders on the street,
  And looks with longing eyes upon
  The window’s Xmas treat.”

“Do you suppose he’d like some of my last year’s toys?” asked Little
Jack Rabbit.

“Of course he would,” answered Professor Jim Crow, and he smiled to
himself as he shut his book, for he knew he had sowed a good seed for a
kindly deed in the little rabbit’s heart. And then that old black bird
flew away, and Little Jack Rabbit hopped home to the Old Bramble Patch
and up to his little room. And after he had looked over all his toys he
packed some in a box and took them downstairs.

“Mother, I’m going to the village to see the little ragged bunny boy.”

“What for?” asked Lady Love. And if you haven’t guessed what, I’ll tell
you. He was going to give that little ragged rabbit boy the toys so
that he would have a merry Xmas, too.

“Look out for Mr. Wicked Wolf,” said Lady Love, and then she gave the
little bunny a lollypop and kissed him good-by, and after that away he
hopped, and by and by, after a while, he came to a shabby little house
near Rabbitville. So he knocked on the door and pretty soon it opened
and there stood the little ragged rabbit’s mother.

“Here are some Xmas presents,” said the little bunny. “They are my
last year’s best toys, but I want your little ragged rabbit to have
a happy Xmas.” And then he hopped away as fast as he could, for he
was afraid the rabbit lady was going to cry. And maybe she did, for
sometimes people cry when they are happy, although I never heard of
their laughing when they were sad.




XMAS EVE

  To-morrow will be Xmas.
  Oh, what a happy day,
  For Santa Claus will empty all
  The presents from his sleigh.
  And every little girl and boy
  Will have some candy and a toy.


This is the song the little canary bird sang in her gold cage while
Little Jack Rabbit polished the front door knob and Lady Love made the
stuffing for the big turkey. And just then the telephone bell rang and
Uncle John Hare, the old gentleman rabbit, said, “Hello! I want to
speak to Little Jack Rabbit.”

“Wait a minute,” said the little Black Cricket who had answered the
telephone because Lady Love was busy and Little Jack Rabbit couldn’t
leave the door knob all covered with wet polish, and she ran out to the
front porch and said:

“Uncle John wants to speak to you on the ’phone.” Well, by this time,
the door knob was polished nice and dry, so the little rabbit hopped
inside.

“Hello, it’s me,” said the little bunny, although my teacher always
told me to say, “It’s I,” but never mind, Uncle John knew what the
little rabbit meant, just the same.

“What do you want for Xmas?” asked the dear, kind, old gentleman
rabbit. “Tell me a thousand things, and then you can’t guess what I’m
going to get.”

So the little rabbit thought and thought, and by and by, after a while,
and maybe a little longer, he thought of 999. But, oh dear me, he
couldn’t think of just one more. Wasn’t that too bad?

“Well, never mind,” laughed Uncle John. “That’s enough. And now I’ll go
down to the Three-in-one-cent Store, and to-morrow you’ll see what I
bought.” And then he hung up the receiver and went out to the garage,
hitched up the Bunnymobile, and pretty soon, not so very long, he
reached the Three-in-one-cent Store in Rabbitville, on the corner of
Lettuce Avenue and Popcorn Street.

“I guess I’d better go over to the bank and get some money first,”
thought the old gentleman rabbit. So he hopped across the street and
wrote a check and then the paying teller gave him a lot of money for
it--lettuce dollar bills and carrot cents and a ten-carrot gold piece,
and after that he hopped back to the Three-in-one-cent Store and went
inside. And what do you suppose was the first thing he saw? Why, a
lovely book all about Little Jack Rabbit. “I’ll take that book,” said
the old gentleman bunny as quick as a twinkle. And then he bought a
pair of roller skates and a pair of ice skates and a red sled and a bag
of candy and a box of lead soldiers and a big red apple and a magic
lantern. And a lot more things besides, but, goodness me, I haven’t got
room enough in this story to put them in, so we’ll have to wait and
call up on Christmas morning and ask him. And if you don’t know his
telephone it’s “O, O, O, Ring Happy Bell, Old Brier Patch!”




XMAS DAY

  “Merrie Xmas!” Hear the cry
  From every house beneath the sky;
  And every child is up so soon
  That he can see the silver moon,
  Who’s had not time to tell the sun
  That Xmas Day has just begun.


Well, the Old Grandfather Clock in the hall had just struck thirteen
o’clock when Little Jack Rabbit woke up, and before he even jumped out
of bed he called out, “Merrie Xmas, Mother.” And then, of course, Lady
Love woke up, and the alarm clock couldn’t make up its mind whether it
would say anything or not. But after a little while it began to sing:

  “Awake, awake; it’s Xmas morn,
  Don’t linger in your bed;
  I see a pair of roller skates,
  A dandy coasting sled;
  A stocking full as full can be,
  And a lovely little Xmas tree.”

And then the little Black Cricket came out of her crack in the warm
hearth and looked in her stocking, for she believed in Santa Claus just
the same as she always did when she was a little young cricket and
played hop, skip and jump in the Sunny Meadow grass.

“Hurrah! Hurrah! I’ve got everything I asked for!” shouted Little Jack
Rabbit. So you see, dear, kind Uncle John Hare must have spent all his
money at the Three-in-one-cent Store!

Well, by and by, after a while, they heard sleigh bells outside in the
Old Bramble Patch, and pretty soon Uncle John Hare jumped out of his
Bunnymobile and came into the house to give Lady Love a lovely gold
vanity bag and a pair of lorgnettes, a kind of lollypop eyeglass, you
know.

And, oh, yes, oh, yes! I forgot to say he gave the little Black Cricket
a new fur piece and the Canary Bird a bushel of bird seed. And after
that every one was happy as could be. And just as they were all sitting
down to their Xmas dinner a knock came at the kitchen door.

“Come in if you’re not Mr. Wicked Wolf,” said Uncle John Hare, and
who do you suppose walked in? Why, the Yellow Dog Tramp, with a large
package in his front paws.

  “Merrie Xmas to you all,
  And many of them, too.
  I’d love to stay awhile
  And have a feast with you.”

“Sit right down and make yourself at home, and a Merrie Xmas to you,
Mr. Yellow Dog Tramp,” said the little rabbits.

“But you mustn’t bark,” added Lady Love, the little rabbit’s mother,
“the fairies might come and carry away the Xmas tree.”




MR. WICKED WOLF


Well, the Xmas tree didn’t run back to the friendly forest as I feared
it might in the last story. It stayed right in the little house in
the Old Bramble Patch, and the night after Xmas when the little Black
Cricket came out on the hearth, that dear little Xmas tree began to
sing:

  “Oh, I have had my heart’s delight,
  I’ve been a Xmas tree,
  All hung with candles shining bright
  And tinsel fair to see.
  I do not miss the shady wood,
  The music of the breeze,
  For I have found my heart’s delight
  A little child to please.”

Well, in the morning Little Jack Rabbit took his skates and went down
to the old mill pond, and so did Uncle John Hare, for he could skate
mighty well, let me tell you, even if he did have gray whiskers and a
pink waistcoat. Why, he could do the grapevine twist and the letter S
and maybe the whole alphabet, for all I know.

Well, anyway, off they went, Little Jack Rabbit and his kind Uncle John
Hare, and when they came to the pond they put on their skates, and then
off they went over the ice as fast as the wind, and maybe faster, and
by and by, after a while, who should come by but Mr. Grouse. He had on
his snowshoes which kind Mother Nature had given him.

“Ha, ha,” said Uncle John Hare. “You can’t go over the snow as fast as
I can on the ice, my man.” You see, Uncle John Hare knew how to make up
poetry and had once written some in a beautiful birthday album.

“No, but I can slide over the snow just as well as if I were on a
toboggan.” And maybe he would have shown Uncle John Hare just what he
could do, if all of a sudden, something hadn’t happened. And isn’t it
too bad that something always has to happen just when these two dear
little rabbits are having a nice time?

And now I suppose you are wondering what did happen, so I’ll tell you
right away. Mr. Wicked Wolf jumped out from behind a snow drift, and
said: “Ha, ha. What shall I eat first--rabbit or grouse?” Wasn’t that
a dreadful thing to hear? Well, I just guess it was. And then what do
you think Uncle John Hare did. Why, he just picked up a piece of ice
and hit that wicked old wolf right on the end of his nose. And then,
of course, Mr. Wicked Wolf had to wipe his eyes, for they were full of
tears, and while he was doing that the two little rabbits skated away,
and Mr. Grouse snowshoed away, and if the skates don’t come off and the
snowshoes, too, I’ll tell you some more in a day or two.




THE THINKING CAP


Oh, dear me. I just hate to start this story, for I must tell you
something very unpleasant. You remember in the last one Little Jack
Rabbit and Uncle John Hare were skating away as fast as they could from
Mr. Wicked Wolf. But, oh, dear me. All of a sudden, just like that,
Uncle John Hare’s skate came off. And of course that wasn’t lucky, let
me tell you. Oh, my, no. It was simply dreadful. And when Mr. Wicked
Wolf saw the predicament, which means a dreadful fix, you know, which
the dear old gentleman rabbit was in, he kicked up his heels and pretty
soon he was so close that even if Uncle John Hare could have fastened
on his skate again he never would have been able to get away.

  “Ha ha, ho ho, now I’ve got you two,
  And I’ll skate you both till you’re black and blue,
  And then I’ll take you home for a stew.
  For Mrs. Wolf knows how to make
  A rabbit stew and a big pancake.”

And, oh, dear me again, and maybe once more, for I don’t know what’s
going to happen, and maybe it will happen before I can write it, and
then what will we all do, I should like to know? Maybe there won’t be
any more stories.

“Wait just a minute, Mr. Wicked Wolf,” said the old gentleman rabbit,
and he took out his gold watch and chain. “It’s just 13 o’clock, and
that’s a very unlucky number.” Mr. Wicked Wolf scratched his head, for
he didn’t know what to do, and neither would I and neither would you
if we had been there.

“I’ll wait till five minutes past 13,” said the wicked old wolf with
a grin, which showed all his white teeth, and the gold one which Dr.
Dentist Duck had put in after the railroad accident, which I’ll tell
you about some day if I don’t forget it.

“Now put on your thinking cap,” said Uncle John Hare. So Little Jack
Rabbit opened his knapsack and took out a little pink worsted thinking
cap and put it on his head and pretty soon, not so very long, before
the five minutes were up, of course, he said:

  “Mr. Wolf, if I were you
    I wouldn’t eat a rabbit stew;
  I’d rather have a chicken pie
    If I were you and you were I.”

“I never thought of chicken pie,” answered Mr. Wicked Wolf, and the
more he thought about it the more he wanted it. So pretty soon he said:

“I’ll let you off this time if you’ll motor me to the Farmyard.” But,
oh, dear me! Those two little rabbits didn’t want to do that. No,
sireemam.

“Hurry up and decide,” growled Mr. Wicked Wolf with a dreadful grin.

  “Wait a minute if you please,
  I’m so worried I shall sneeze,”

said Uncle John Hare. I guess he would have said ’most anything to gain
time.

Just then, all of a sudden, who should come along but the Yellow Dog
Tramp. Wasn’t that lucky? So the little rabbits started off in their
Bunnymobile without Mr. Wicked Wolf.




BRAVE YELLOW DOG TRAMP


Now if the brave Yellow Dog Tramp had been a minute later perhaps and
maybe the two little rabbits would have been eaten up in the last
story. For just as he came along Mr. Wicked Wolf grew impatient and
with a dreadful growl jumped out from behind the Bunnymobile.

And, oh, dear me. Didn’t his eyes look fierce, and didn’t his mouth
look red and his teeth white?

And if you can think of anything worse at night than a wolf’s face,
please tell me, for I’d like to know if there is anything that really
can scare that brave Yellow Dog Tramp.

“Stop, or I’ll bite one of your rubber tires,” screamed Mr. Wicked
Wolf, and he took hold with his teeth. And then what do you think that
brave Yellow Dog Tramp did?

Why, he leaned out of the automobile and hit that wolf on the head
with a monkey wrench, and that wolf saw three million five hundred and
ninety-nine and a half stars, and then he rolled over on the snow and
began to cry, and then the tire which he had bitten burst and all the
air came out--Oh, dear me, now I’m saying something which isn’t true,
for the Bunnymobile had runners in the winter and not wheels.

So how could air come out of a steel runner? No, sir, that wasn’t what
happened at all. It was this way.

The old gentleman rabbit got out the air pump and blew snow all over
that wolf till he was covered with a drift as high as the Old Rail
Fence and it took him all night to dig himself out.

Well, after that Uncle John Hare started off for home, but just before
he reached the corner of Lettuce Avenue and Carrot Street, he came
across the Policeman Dog, who, when he saw the Yellow Dog Tramp,
shouted:

“Stop the car,” and this made Uncle John Hare angry, for he knew that
Policeman Dog wanted to arrest the Yellow Dog Tramp. So Uncle John Hare
made the Bunnymobile go so fast that the Policeman Dog’s whistle fell
out of his mouth.

“That’s very kind of you,” said the Yellow Dog Tramp, and he began to
bark, and just then a little deer came by.

“Can you tell me if Santa Claus is around? I have a brother who helps
pull his sleigh and I want to see him.”

“I guess you’re too late, my little deer,” said Uncle John Hare, “Xmas
is over and Santa Claus won’t come again for another year.” And then
the little deer began to cry:

  “Oh, dear, it is so long to wait
  ’Till Xmas comes around,
  What shall I do until the time
  When Xmas bells will sound.”

“Jump into my Bunnymobile,” said kind Uncle John Hare. “You come home
with us. I have a little barn right next to my garage where it’s nice
and warm. You shall have some hay to eat.”

So the little deer jumped into the Bunnymobile and the kind old
gentleman rabbit took him home, and on the next page you shall hear
what happened after that.




SANTA’S REINDEER


In the story before this I promised to tell you what happened to the
little reindeer.

Well, after kind Uncle John Hare had put the Bunnymobile in the garage,
he led the little reindeer into the barn and gave him some nice hay to
eat, and then he closed the door so that Mr. North Wind couldn’t get
in, and after that the kind old gentleman bunny went into the house,
with Little Jack Rabbit and the Yellow Dog Tramp who was with him, you
remember, in the last story.

Pretty soon the old gentleman rabbit made the graphophone play a tune,
and this is what it was:

  “Meet me at the fountain when the syrups are in bloom,
  And the lollypops are blushing like roses red in June,
  And the fizzy soda water comes sparkling in the glass,
  And the ice cream cones are dancing like fairies in the grass.”

“Oh, dear me! I wish the good old summer time were here once more, I
do, for that’s the time a Yellow Dog has something nice to do,” and the
Yellow Dog Tramp sighed a great big sigh and lay down in front of the
open fire and fell asleep. So Uncle John Hare blew out the electric
lights and pulled down the shades and went to bed, and then he had a
dream.

And then he had a nightmare, and then he woke himself up with a
dreadful yell, for he thought a crocodile was just going to swallow his
old wedding stovepipe hat. I suppose the crocodile thought it was a big
chocolate drop.

Well, after that, the old gentleman rabbit looked at his gold watch and
chain, and as it was nearly fourteen o’clock, and Mr. Merry Sun was
just getting up, Uncle John Hare dressed himself and went downstairs
to tell his Japanese servant to have breakfast as soon as possible,
and then he went out to the barn to see how the little reindeer was
getting along. And, oh, dear me! Wasn’t he surprised to find three more
reindeer in the barn.

“Why, where did you come from?” asked the old gentleman rabbit, and he
scratched his left ear with his right hind foot, for he couldn’t think
how they ever got into the barn.

“We are Santa Claus’s deer,” they answered, “and if you’ll hitch us up
to your old sleigh we’ll be glad to give you a ride.”

So the old gentleman rabbit hitched them up to his old-fashioned
sleigh, and then he put on his fur overcoat and gloves and told Little
Jack Rabbit and the Yellow Dog Tramp to get in, too, and away they went
to the Old Bramble Patch.

And how those beautiful reindeer did go! They tossed their long horns
and threw out their heels and the bells on the sleigh made beautiful
music. Well, by and by, pretty soon, not so very long, they drove up in
front of the Old Bramble Patch.

The next minute Lady Love, the little rabbit’s mother, hopped out of
the house. And wasn’t she surprised? She hadn’t seen Santa Claus’s
reindeer for a long time, and neither have I, not since I was a little
boy and stayed awake all Xmas eve night.




PHOTOGRAPHER CRANE


Well, sir! by this time if ever a little bunny was crazy to go sleigh
riding it was Little Jack Rabbit as he looked at the four reindeer
hitched up to the old sleigh. And wouldn’t you love to go sleigh riding
behind four of Santa Claus’s reindeer?

Well, I just guess you would, and so would I and so would the Czar of
Russia if he hadn’t lost his throne.

“Now hurry up and get on your fur overcoat,” said the old gentleman
rabbit, while the reindeer pawed the snow and tossed their antlers,
which are their horns, you know--until the bells on the harness began
chiming:

  “Down from the North come the reindeer a-flying,
  Silver bells tinkle as onward they go,
  Faster and faster their fleet hoofs are trying
  To race with the North Wind that blows o’er the snow,
  Tinkle, tink, tinkle, and crinkle, crink, crinkle,
  Swift through the snowflakes they dash in a row.”

And pretty soon out came Little Jack Rabbit with his fur overcoat, and
jumping into the sleigh sat down beside dear, kind Uncle John Hare.

“On, Dixon and Blixon! On, Bullet and Arrow!” cried the old gentleman
rabbit, and away went the reindeer, while Lady Love waved her calico
apron from the window and smiled to see how happy was her little bunny
boy.

Well, after a while, or maybe a mile, Little Jack Rabbit said:

“Let’s go down to the photographer and have our picture taken.”

“All right,” said Uncle John Hare, and the Yellow Dog Tramp said he’d
never had his picture taken in his life and would be tickled to death
to have one to send home to his old mother who lived in New Hampshire
and hadn’t heard from him since he’d left home.

Well, when they came to the picture place the photographer, who was a
long-legged crane--as I told you once upon a time some fifty stories
ago, or maybe more--came out of his little picture gallery.

And, oh, my! he shivered so that he almost spoilt the picture, for
he had to bring his camera outside because the four reindeer and the
sleigh and the two little rabbits and the Yellow Dog Tramp couldn’t
get into his little shop.

You see, the crane didn’t have any stockings on and his great long legs
got dreadfully cold.

  “Now, look pleasant, if you please,
  Excuse me while I take a sneeze!”

and Photographer Crane almost sneezed his head off, as he stood on one
leg and pulled the other one out of the snow way up under his feathers.
Then he sneezed again.

But, by and by, the pictures were taken, and Uncle John Hare paid for
them all, and the Yellow Dog Tramp took his over to the Postoffice and
sent it to his mother, way up in New Hampshire, and on the back he
wrote:

  “Oftentimes I’m thinking,
  Mother dear, of you,
  Some day when I’ve made my pile
  I’ll come home in grand old style,
  So be patient just a while,
  Keep for me your same old smile,
  Mother dear, won’t you?”

I guess when that hobo dog’s mother received his picture she
smiled,--or maybe she cried, for sometimes we cry when a happy sadness
comes into our heart.




THE MILKY WAY


Now let me see where we left off in the last story. Sometimes I get all
mixed up, and perhaps I’d never get things right if I hadn’t made a
book out of these stories, so that I can look back and see whether it
was Uncle John Hare or the Big Brown Bear, or the Yellow Dog Tramp, or
Aunt Columbia who had to stop doing something because I didn’t have any
more room.

[Illustration: Little Jack Shook Paws With the Great Bear.
_Little Jack Rabbit and Mr. Wicked Wolf._ _Page 45_]

Well, here we are. The Yellow Dog Tramp had just posted his photograph
to his dear old mother way up in New Hampshire, and after he had
thanked the postoffice lady, who was an old maid duck, he jumped into
the sleigh and said:

  “Hurry on, you Reindeer,
  Make the snowflakes fly,
  Faster, faster, faster,
  Don’t you balk or shy!”

And then you should have seen how those Reindeer went. Well, sir, they
went so fast that pretty soon their feet hardly touched the earth, and
then they didn’t touch at all, and then, oh, me, oh, my! They rose
right up in the air just like a low sailing rocket, over the treetops
and over the steeples, over the houses and over the peoples. Goodness
me!

There goes my typewriter again making up poetry and not putting it into
verses, and if it does it again I’m going to change the ribbon and get
one that is red, white and blue. My typewriter must show its color as
well as a man!

Well, pretty soon, the old gentleman rabbit began to get uneasy, for he
wasn’t used to sailing through the sky in a sleigh drawn by reindeer.
“What do you think’s going to happen!” he asked anxiously.

“Oh, don’t worry, Uncle John,” answered the little rabbit. “I’ve often
seen pictures of Santa Claus riding through the air in his sleigh.”

And this quite comforted the old gentleman bunny, you know, and he
began to smile and the Yellow Dog Tramp barked two times and a half,
and after that they came to a snowy road right in the sky.

And the hoofs of the Reindeer made a lovely tinkling noise as they beat
on the silvery frozen path. But of course the little rabbits didn’t
know they were sliding over the Milky Way.

No, indeed. And they didn’t know it was all frozen over, either, and
neither would I have known this if a little snowbird hadn’t told me.

Well, after a while, they came to a place where the Great Bear and the
Little Bear lived. It was way up in the Star Country, you see, and of
course it was all very strange.

But the Reindeer seemed to know the way, and so Uncle John Hare just
let them go. And then the Great Bear, who sat on a piece of ice that
had five sharp points just like a star, said:

“Mr. John Hare, I’m glad to see you.” And then the Little Bear, who
also sat on a five-pointed piece of ice, said: “I’m glad to see you,
Little Jack Rabbit!”

And then the Reindeer stopped, for they had been going around and
around the two bears all the time, you know, and the two little rabbits
hopped out of the sleigh, and into the next story.

  Up in the sky
  Ever so high
  The snowflakes crinkle and winkle,
  And the Moon Man winks
  With a couple of blinks,
  And the little stars tinkle, tinkle.




HOME AGAIN


Well, as soon as the two little rabbits had hopped out of the sleigh,
the Great Bear stretched out his paw and shook hands with Uncle John
Hare and the Little Bear shook paws with Little Jack Rabbit, and while
all this was going on, the Reindeer suddenly started off.

“Goodness gracious meebus!” exclaimed the old gentleman rabbit, “there
goes my team of Reindeer! How are we ever going to get home?”

Now wasn’t that a dreadful fix to be in? Well, I should say it was.
Way up in a Sky Country, in Star Land, making a call on the Great Bear
and the Little Bear! And no way to get home unless you slid down a
moonbeam, and that’s a very dangerous thing to do unless you’re a fairy
and know all about it. But don’t get worried, for I’m going to tell you
something.

As soon as the Yellow Dog Tramp, who hadn’t jumped out of the sleigh,
you remember, saw what was happening, he grabbed up the reins and
turned those Reindeer around as quick as a wink, and pretty soon he
drove them back to the five-pointed pieces of ice where the two little
rabbits and the Great Bear and the Little Bear were sitting.

“Come on!” said the Yellow Dog Tramp. “Let’s get home before the Dog
Star catches us!” And away went the Reindeer down the silver Milky Way
and pretty soon they were all safely riding over the snow through the
Shady Forest toward Uncle John Hare’s house.

“Now we’ll have to go back to the North Pole,” said the Reindeer after
they had drawn the sleigh into the barn.

“I’m sorry to hear that,” said the old gentleman rabbit; “I like sleigh
riding. But of course, if you must go, you know best,” and then the
reindeer said good-by and went away to the cold north country where
Santa Claus lives and the Xmas trees grow.

And then the Yellow Dog Tramp said he was going back to New Hampshire
to see his dear old mother.

“Take this ten-carrot gold piece to her,” said dear, kind, generous
Uncle John Hare, and that Tramp Dog almost cried with joy and away he
went back to the old homestead in the Green Mountains.

Well, by this time it was pretty late and Mr. Merry Sun had disappeared
over the Western Hills, so the two little rabbits went into the house
and Uncle John Hare hung up his great fur overcoat and put on his
slippers and sat down before the fire to warm his paws, and while he
sat there a little cricket came out of a crack in the floor and began
to sing:

  “I’m the cricket on the hearth,
  Listen while I sing,
  Though it’s cold and bleak outdoors,
  And Jack Frost will nip your paws
  Round the hearth it’s warm and bright
  In the fire’s golden light.”

And when that little cricket looked up she saw Uncle John Hare fast
asleep and Little Jack Rabbit, too, for they were tired out with their
long, long sleigh ride.




RESOLUTIONS


Now, let me see. We left Little Jack Rabbit in Uncle John Hare’s house
in the last story, didn’t we? And Uncle John had just brought out a
nice apple pie, and the three little grasshoppers and the tiny black
cricket had helped the dear old gentleman rabbit eat it up. Well, after
a while, Little Jack Rabbit said he must be going, for he wanted to get
back to the Old Bramble Patch before New Year’s Eve. So he said good-by
and hopped away, and by and by, not so very far, he saw Professor Jim
Crow with his little Wisdom Book.

“Wait a minute, little rabbit. Have you thought about the New Year?”

“Oh, yes,” answered Little Jack Rabbit. “I’ve thought a lot about it.”

“Let me read you something,” said the wise old professor and then he
opened his little Wisdom Book, but first, of course, he put on his
spectacles.

  “You must make a res-o-lu-tion--
  Which means a promise to yourself--
  That you will be a rabbit
  Who will drop a naughty habit,
  And do to other people what you would do for self.”

And then Professor Jim Crow closed his book with a bang and flew away
to read a lesson on good manners to a naughty little cat who wore her
mother’s hat.

Well, after that, the little rabbit hopped along and by and by he
came in sight of the Old Rail Fence, and through the rails he could
see the Old Bramble Patch and his mother hanging out the wash, for it
was Monday, and Lady Love washed on Monday, and ironed on Tuesday,
and sometimes on Wednesday if Little Jack Rabbit wore more than one
shirtwaist a day.

And just then he thought of what the old crow had just read to him:
“Let me hand you the clothespins, mother dear, so you won’t have to
stoop down and wrinkle your ear.” And this made the kind lady rabbit
laugh, for she didn’t know that her little bunny son could make up
poetry, just like that, all of a sudden, you know.

Well, pretty soon there was only one clothespin left and two stockings,
so he ran into the woodshed and got another clothespin for his mother,
and after that they both went into the kitchen, for it was almost
lunch time.

  “It’s half-past one, and the cake is done,
  And the prunes are stirred to a turn;
  So don’t let us wait, but fill up each plate,
  Or I’m afraid the sliced carrot will burn.”

And, goodness gracious me! When Lady Love heard that she looked all
around to see who was telling her what to do. But she didn’t see
anybody, and neither did the little rabbit until he looked up at the
new clock which Uncle John Hare had given his mother for Xmas and then
the little bunny knew who was talking, for just inside the Cuckoo Clock
House door stood the little bird who told the time of day.

Pretty soon it began to storm, and Mr. North Wind blew great clouds of
snow around the little house in the Old Bramble Patch. And sometimes
he whistled down the chimney till the little cricket in the woodbox
shivered and wished it were Summer Time again.

  Oh, Mr. North Wind blows so shrill,
    Across the meadow from the hill
  That little rabbits cuddle tight
    Around the hearthstone, warm and bright,
  Where now and then the cricket trills
    Of lovely spring and daffodils.




LONELY TIMES

  The old farm pump is frozen tight,
  It must have happened in the night
  When Mr. North Wind fierce and chill,
  Came blowing down the big high hill.


Goodness me! When the kind-hearted farmer got up in the morning after
Cocky Doodles had sung his cock-a-doodle-do song and went out to pump
some water, he couldn’t get any. No, siree. There was a big icicle
hanging from the pump spout, and the water wouldn’t come out. So he
cracked off the icicle and went back into the kitchen for a pail of hot
water to pour down the old pump, and after that the water came out of
the spout and Mrs. Cow got a drink of water, although she had to wait
until the clock struck half-past eight.

And, oh, dear me! It was just as cold over at the Old Bramble Patch and
Lady Love had a dreadful time getting breakfast, for Mr. North Wind
kept blowing down the chimney and sending the ashes all over the floor,
and this made Lady Love dreadfully nervous, for she always liked to
have her kitchen spick and span and cook her food on the Hoover plan.

Well, after breakfast was over, Little Jack Rabbit hopped out doors,
for he wasn’t afraid of the cold. Oh, my, no. His little white fur
overcoat kept him as warm as toast. And just as he was going to hop
along the little path he saw Charlie Chickadee and Jimmy Junko flying
here and there in the Old Bramble Patch.

“You don’t mind if we eat up the old dried berries, do you?” asked the
little Chickadee, “for there isn’t much to find when the ground is
covered with snow.”

[Illustration: “Well, I Can Sit Here As Long As You Can,” Said Mr.
Wicked Wolf.
_Little Jack Rabbit and Mr. Wicked Wolf._ _Page 61_]

“Eat all you wish,” answered the little rabbit, and then these two
little winter birds stuffed their pockets full of dried berries to
take home, and when they could find no more they flew out on the Sunny
Meadow where the fluffy grass stalks stood out above the snow, and
picked off the little grass seeds, and after that they flew away. So
the little rabbit hopped along and by and by, after a while, he came to
the old chestnut tree where Chippy Chipmunk lived in the summer time in
a hole under the spreading roots. But Chippy was nowhere to be seen.
Oh, my, no. All during the fall he had been busy storing away nuts and
grain in his little storeroom where he would be warm and safe from
Mr. North Wind, and have something to eat till Miss Spring came with
the whispering breezes.

  “Oh, dear, I’m very lonely,
  My friends are all asleep.
  In hollow trees or burrows warm
  Safe from the snowflakes and the storm,
  I cannot even hear them creep,
  For they are snuggled up asleep,”

sighed the little rabbit as he hopped into the next story.




THE BUNNYSNOWBILE


Well, just as Little Jack Rabbit hopped into this story, Uncle John
Hare, who was all alone in his little white house, gave a lonely sigh,
and, as soon as he had finished breakfast, he hopped out over the snow
to his garage to get his Bunnysnowbile. Dear me! I forgot to mention
that he had fastened on runners in place of the four wheels and now had
a wonderful autosleighbile or something just as good as a bobsled going
down hills.

It didn’t take him long to find Little Jack Rabbit and very soon they
were gliding along as nicely as you please. The Bunnysnowbile behaved
very well. You see, it was such a short time after Xmas that it hadn’t
grown tired of looking at the Xmas presents, like a good many little
girls and boys I know, and so it slid along over the snow and didn’t
try to climb up any telegraph poles, and this made Uncle John Hare feel
very pleasant, so he began to sing:

  “The glad New Year has come and so
  We’ll try until next year
  To be as good as we can be
  And help our friends to cheer.”

But, oh, dear me! Just then, all of a sudden, just like that, out
popped Mr. Wicked Wolf I’ve so often told you about. And oh, dear me!
again. Didn’t he look fierce? His collar was turned up and his mouth
was wide open, and his long, white teeth looked so cruel that Uncle
John Hare shut his eyes, and then, I hate to tell it, the Bunnysnowbile
ran right into a big tree and turned over three times and a half,
and it might have turned-over once more if it hadn’t landed right up
against an old hollow stump.

Which you’ll soon see was mighty lucky for the two little rabbits. For
when Mr. Wicked Wolf saw them sprawling over the snow he jumped as
quick as a wink and maybe he would have caught dear, kind Uncle John
Hare if that old gentleman rabbit hadn’t hopped inside that stump.

And before he was inside Little Jack Rabbit was, too, so that all Mr.
Wicked Wolf could do was to sit outside and wait for them to come out.
But they didn’t. No, sireemam, and no, sireemister. They knew better
than that, and so would I if I didn’t have a gun and a pistol and maybe
a big long knife.

“Well, I can sit here as long as you can,” said that dreadful wolf, and
he licked his lips with his long red tongue and grinned, oh, a dreadful
kind of a grin.

“Very well, then,” replied Uncle John Hare. “If you want to sit in the
cold snow, do so,” and then the old gentleman rabbit took off his old
wedding stovepipe hat and blocked up the hole in the hollow stump so
that the wolf couldn’t see what was going on inside, you know. And then
the old gentleman rabbit looked around to see if there was any way to
get out.

Well, by and by, after a while, Little Jack Rabbit found a small hole
in the back of the stump, and taking his pickaxe out of his knapsack,
set to work to dig a hole big enough to squeeze through, into the next
story.




THE OLD WEDDING STOVEPIPE HAT


You remember where we left off in the last story, I hope. But in case
you don’t, I’ll tell you. Little Jack Rabbit and dear, kind Uncle John
Hare were hiding in a hollow stump and Mr. Wicked Wolf was sitting
outside waiting to eat them up. But he won’t if I can help it. No,
sireebus! Not if I have to call up the Policeman Dog to help these two
little rabbits.

Well, after a while, Little Jack Rabbit made a hole in the back of the
stump through which he and the old gentleman rabbit could just squeeze.

But before they did, the little rabbit put his pickaxe back in his
knapsack, because he might have to use it some time again, and one
doesn’t find pickaxes lying around loose, let me tell you.

Not in these days when iron costs almost as much as sugar and sugar
costs more than diamonds, and diamonds--well, I don’t know what they
cost, for I never wear any.

“Oh, dear! I hate to leave my old wedding stovepipe hat in that hole,”
said dear, kind Uncle John Hare, which you remember he had stuffed up
with his old silk hat to keep Mr. Wicked Wolf from looking in.

“We’ll make a snowball and put it there instead,” said Little Jack
Rabbit, and when that was done, they both hopped quietly out of the
back door. But, oh, dear me. After they were once out, they were afraid
to go any further, for Mr. Wicked Wolf would surely see them.

So they hopped inside and closed up the back hole with the old wedding
stovepipe hat, and then they didn’t know what to do. And neither do I,
so I hope somebody will help those two poor little rabbits.

Well, after a while, along came Danny Fox. So Mr. Wicked Wolf said to
him: “You go around to the back of the stump and see if you can find
out anything, and I’ll stay here.”

Then Danny Fox crept around and as soon as he saw Uncle John Hare’s old
wedding stovepipe hat in the hole he knew who was inside. You bet he
did, even if he hadn’t smelt rabbit or seen little rabbit footprints in
the snow.

And then, pretty soon, Mr. Wicked Wolf pushed in the snowball and then
he pushed his head inside. But when he tried to pull it out, his head,
you know, not the snowball, he couldn’t. No, sireemam.

His head was stuck fast. But it isn’t very pleasant to have a big
wolf’s head inside a hollow stump when there’s hardly room enough for
you, let me say, and of course the two little rabbits were almost
scared to death.

And when Danny Fox saw what was the matter, he laughed so hard that he
rolled over and over on the snow and the first thing he knew he rolled
right down the hill.

Quick as a minute Uncle John Hare put on his hat and he and Little Jack
Rabbit hopped away as fast as they could, and even faster, and pretty
soon they came to the Old Bramble Patch, where Lady Love, the little
bunny’s mother, stood waiting for them.




THE POLICEMAN DOG


Now, I hated to end my last story without telling you what happened to
the Bunnysnowbile which the little rabbits left upside down beside the
old hollow stump where Mr. Wicked Wolf was caught fast, you remember.

But you see I didn’t have room, and where one doesn’t have room
one must leave a lot of things to the im-ag-in-ation, which means
“make-believe,” you know.

Well, at about 14 o’clock that very night Uncle John Hare heard the big
bell on the Bunnysnowbile ringing like everything. So he pushed up the
window and stuck out his head, and asked:

“Is that my dear old snowbile?”

“It certainly is,” said a voice, and then the lamps on the
Bunnysnowbile grew so bright that the old gentleman rabbit could see
who was sitting on the seat. And who do you think it was?

You can have three guesses and another one if you guess right. It was
the Policeman Dog. Yes, sir! There he sat as fine as you please, with
his club on his lap and his big silver badge on his coat.

“It’s very kind of you to bring back my Bunnysnowbile,” said Uncle John
Hare, and then he pulled his head in and went down stairs and showed
the Policeman Dog how to put the snow car into the stable without
waking up the Weathercock, who wasn’t asleep, anyway, but just minded
his own business like a well-behaved iron rooster.

And then Lady Love opened the kitchen door and asked the Policeman Dog
to come in and have a hot cup of carrot tea, and after a while he said
good-by and went home to his wife and seventeen children.

By and by the little rabbit said to his kind Uncle: “Let’s go out on
the Sunny Meadow and dance in the moonlight.”

But the old gentleman rabbit said no. He had a slight touch of
rheumatism in his left hind toe and wasn’t going to take any chances.
No, sireemam.

He wasn’t going to have plumbago, ammonia or anything else just for the
sake of dancing, and I don’t blame him either.

So everybody went to bed, and when Mr. Merry Sun woke up the next
morning he had a hard time waking up Mr. John Hare, for the old
gentleman rabbit was so sound asleep that if Lady Love hadn’t rung
the breakfast bell right over his head he might have slept on until
to-morrow’s story.

Well, after breakfast, as Little Jack Rabbit looked over the paper,
what do you suppose he saw? Why, a notice that Mr. Wicked Wolf had been
found with his head caught in an old hollow stump and that Old Man
Weasel had gone home to get his axe.

But when he had come back, Mr. Wicked Wolf had already pulled the stump
right out of the ground and had gone home with it on his head and it
had taken his wife two hours and eighty-five minutes to get it off.

“Gracious me!” exclaimed Lady Love. “Did you ever hear of such a
thing!” And then she opened the kitchen door and peeked out. But she
closed it mighty quickly, for she didn’t wish Uncle John Hare to catch
cold in his left hind toe.




THE OLD HOLLOW STUMP


Oh, dear me, how Mr. North Wind did blow! He rocked Mrs. Oriole’s nest
that hung from the willow tree by the Old Duck Pond back and forth till
Little Jack Rabbit thought it would come off and drop to the ground.
But it didn’t, for Mrs. Oriole knew how to knit, let me tell you, and
her stocking-like nest clung to the old willow tree like a thrift stamp
when you try to get it off to buy something you forgot to get before
the war began!

“Well, I guess I’ll let it alone,” said Mr. North Wind; “maybe Mrs.
Oriole will want to use it next spring. Perhaps she used up all her
wool making sweaters for the boys over there.”

“When do you go back north?” asked the little rabbit, for he was
thinking of the dear old summer time, when Granddaddy Bullfrog sat on
his log and caught flies and the darning-needles skimmed over the water.

“Oh, pretty soon, not so very long,” said Mr. North Wind. “When Miss
Spring and her little Balmy Breezes come tripping over the Sunny
Meadow, I’ll say good-by!” And then he whistled:

  “I’m a husky old wind, I am,
  I could blow the shell off a clam,
  I shake the shutters and bang the doors,
  And curl the nails on the pussy cat’s paws.”

And then that boisterous old wind went into the Shady Forest and
broke a dead limb off the old chestnut tree and nearly hit Squirrel
Nutcracker, who had come out of his hole for a few minutes to stretch
his legs.

Well, after that, the little rabbit hopped along, clipperty-lipperty,
and by and by he saw Mr. Wicked Wolf. Oh, dear me. Wasn’t that
dreadful, for who wants to meet a wolf even if his first name isn’t
wicked?

“Hello, little bunny. I haven’t seen you since the last time.”

“I wish you still had your head in the Hollow Stump,” shivered Little
Jack Rabbit, and then he wiggled his little pink nose so fast that Mr.
Wicked Wolf had to shut his eyes for fear he’d get dizzy.

“Stop that,” he shouted. “My head is going around and around and I
can’t keep my feet in one place on the ground.”

“I can’t either,” said the little rabbit, “I’m so frightened.” And
before that dreadful wolf opened his eyes, Little Jack Rabbit hopped
into an old hollow stump.

Well, pretty soon, Mr. Wicked Wolf opened one eye, just a little
bit, you know, and then he opened the other eye a little bit, but he
couldn’t see the little rabbit anywhere, so he opened both his eyes,
blink, blink, just like that.

“Where are you?” he asked, and he jumped over to the hollow stump,
following the little rabbit’s footprints in the snow, you see. But when
he looked down into the hollow stump there wasn’t any little white
shivering bunny there. No, Sireemam and No, Sireebus and No, Siree, Mr.
Prohibition Man.




MR. MINER MOLE


Now, I suppose you’ve been wondering what had become of Little Jack
Rabbit after hopping into the old hollow stump to get away from Mr.
Wicked Wolf. Well, you haven’t wondered nearly as much as that old
wicked wolf has, let me tell you. Why, he was so puzzled that he sat
down and took an Almanac out of his pocket and read it all through, but
even then he didn’t know anything.

“Goodness me, where has that little bunny gone?” he said, and then he
jumped right into the old hollow stump, head first, kerplump, just like
that. Down, down he went, until all of a sudden he landed somewhere he
didn’t just know where.

When, all of a sudden again, a voice said:

  “You robber bold, how can you dare
  To jump down here from way up there?”

“I beg your pardon,” said Mr. Wicked Wolf, and he fixed his cravat,
which was all loose and not tied in a nice little knot, “I’m sorry to
trouble you. But the fact is I was anxious about a little rabbit who
jumped in here a moment ago. Have you seen him? I can’t see you, but
maybe you saw him.”

“I’ll let you see me pretty soon,” said the voice, and then Mr. Wicked
Wolf began to get afraid. At first, you see, he wasn’t scared a bit,
but when he heard the voice say that, he began to tremble and wabble,
and his long bushy tail to droop on the ground.

“Let me out; please do,” he said. “I’ll never trouble you again.”

“Very well, then, cross your heart and repeat after me:

  “I never break my promise,
  For fear I’ll break my heart,
  So I’ll give you my honest word,
  And then we’ll kindly part,”

said the voice, and when Mr. Wicked Wolf had done that, the voice said:

“Now turn to your right and you’ll see a little ladder.” And sure
enough there was a little ladder running right up the inside of the
old hollow stump. And goodness me! As soon as Mr. Wicked Wolf saw the
ladder he went up it faster than a bricklayer with a hod of bricks on
his back, and in less time than I can tell you, he was out on the Sunny
Meadow and off for his home in the Shady Forest, for he lived, you
remember, not so very far from the Big Brown Bear’s cave.

And now I suppose you are still wondering where little Jack Rabbit was,
but I had to get rid of that dreadful wolf first before I could tell
you. Well, as soon as Mr. Wicked Wolf was out of the stump, which was
very dark inside, you know, somebody turned on an electric light way
down at the bottom. And who do you suppose it was? Why, Mr. Miner Mole.
It was he who had been talking to Mr. Wicked Wolf all the time, and now
on the next page you shall hear about Little Jack Rabbit.




PRECIOUS STONES


Well, as soon as Mr. Miner Mole turned on the electric light in his
cap, he said:

“Little Jack Rabbit, you can come out now, for Mr. Wicked Wolf has
gone.”

At once the little bunny hopped out of a door, and now you know where
he had been hiding. I declare, it has taken me almost three stories to
tell you, but I’ve been busy explaining what Mr. Wolf did and after
that what Mr. Miner Mole said.

“I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t taken care of me,”
said Little Jack Rabbit.

“Oh, don’t mention it,” said the kind mole. “I’m glad you came down
into my mine. I’ve had luck lately. I’ll give you a couple of diamonds
and three rubies. You can make your kind Uncle John Hare a present of
one or three, if you wish.”

And then that generous mole gave these beautiful precious stones to the
little bunny, and showed him how to climb the ladder.

“I wish I had a little cap like yours with an electric candle in it,”
said the rabbit. “I’d wear it at night and have lots of fun.” But the
mole wouldn’t give him his lamp. I guess he thought more of it than he
did of his diamonds and rubies.

Well, pretty soon, the little bunny said good-by and climbed up the
ladder, and when he got to the top he just peeped over the rim of the
old hollow stump, for he thought perhaps Mr. Wicked Wolf might be
hanging around, but he wasn’t, so he hopped away, clipperty-clipperty,
and by and by he thought of something.

“Gracious me! I almost forgot that I had two diamonds and three
rubies.” So he opened his knapsack to make sure. And now I suppose you
are saying to yourself, “That poor dear little rabbit has gone and lost
his precious stones!” But he hadn’t. There they were as safe as safe
could be in his knapsack, right alongside of a piece of apple pie and a
lollypop!

“I might as well eat my lunch now,” he thought, so he sat down, and
pretty soon the apple pie was gone and the lollypop, too. And then, all
of a sudden, a little bird began to sing. It was Charlie Chickadee but
the little rabbit didn’t know it at first:

  “A nice little rabbit went down in a hole
  To see an old miner whose name was Mole,
  Who wore a cap with a ’lectric light.
  For his mine was dark as a closet at night.
  Now why did that rabbit go down in that hole
  To see the old miner, Mr. Mole?”

And then Charlie Chickadee flew down to the ground and picked up some
apple pie crumbs which the little rabbit had dropped when he bit off
the next to the last piece of crust.

“I’ll give you three guesses,” said the little bunny. And in the next
story you shall hear whether Charlie Chickadee guessed right the first
or the third time.




THREE GUESSES


Now, let me see. Oh, yes, I remember now where we left off. It was just
when Little Jack Rabbit gave Charlie Chickadee three guesses. Yes, sir,
that’s where we left off. The little chickadee had only three guesses
to find out why Little Jack Rabbit had gone down the Hollow Tree Stump
Mine to see the old miner, Mr. Mole.

“Are you ready?” asked the little bunny.

“Yes,” answered the little chickadee, “you went to get some gold!”

“No, I didn’t,” answered the little rabbit.

“Then you went to get some silver.”

“No, I didn’t,” replied the little bunny.

“Oh, dear me,” said Charlie Chickadee. “I’ve only one guess left, and
I’m sure Mr. Mole hasn’t got a coal mine,” and then the little bird
cocked his head on one side and looked out of the corner of his left
eye to see if he had guessed it a little bit. But Little Jack Rabbit
didn’t pay any attention--he just took out the two big diamonds and the
three immense big rubies and looked at them carefully. At once Charlie
Chickadee hopped up and down, and fluttered his wings, and shouted, “I
know, I know! Ha, ha ha, ha! you went to get diamonds and rubies!”

“No, I didn’t,” said Little Jack Rabbit, and he strapped up his
knapsack and started off for Uncle John Hare’s house, for he wanted to
give his kind Uncle a ruby, you know, and maybe a diamond.

“Goodness me, why did you go, then?” asked Charlie Chickadee.
“Everybody around here knows how dangerous that Hollow Tree Stump Mine
is.”

“Because Mr. Wicked Wolf was so close to me I had nowhere to go,”
answered Little Jack Rabbit, and then he told the little bird all that
had happened. “And now I’m off to see Uncle John Hare.” And the little
bunny shouldered his knapsack.

Well, after a while he came to Carrot Square in Turnip City, U. S. A.,
so he went along for maybe three hundred and ninety-five and a half
hops till he came to Cabbage Avenue, where on the corner stood a little
white house.

“Oh, here I am, how glad I am,” sang the little rabbit, and just then
Uncle John himself opened the front door, and when he saw his little
nephew he began to sing:

  “Hello, hello, how glad I am,
  I’m as happy as a clam
  At hightide to see you now,
  So come in and tell me how
  All the folks are getting on
  And if you love your Uncle John.”

“Wait till I show you what I’ve got for you.” And then the little bunny
opened his knapsack.

“Well, I guess you love your old Uncle,” said Mr. John Hare, as he
looked at the precious stones. “To-day’s my birthday. How did you
remember?”

For answer the little bunny just hugged his nice old uncle.




POOR LADY LOVE

  Parson Crow sat on his tree,
  Early one spring morning;
  And his voice was hoarse as he said, “Caw, caw.”
  And he was sleepily yawning.


And just as Lady Love passed by that wise old crow opened his little
Wisdom Book and began to read:

  “A mossy stone will never roll,
  But always stays in the same old hole.”

Then he closed his little Wisdom Book and stroked his beak with his
black wings.

“Well, my boy’s back from the army,” said Lady Love proudly, and she
took out of her pocket a little flag and waved it up and down. And
then she took out of another pocket a little silver Liberty Bell and
rang it three times, and then she hopped away to the postoffice, for
she wanted to send a letter to Aunt Columbia about her little son’s
discharge.

Well, when she reached the postoffice, the postmistress, the old maid
grasshopper I told you about some million stories ago, who had gone to
Palm Beach for the winter, looked out of her little stamp window and
said,

“Good morning, Lady Love. What can I do for you? Now here’s a stamp
already damp, and it’s red, white and blue.”

“What a pretty little stamp,” said Lady Love, as she put it on the
envelope before dropping her letter in the little crack in the wall.

And then she went down to the Three-in-one-cent Store to buy a tea
kettle. But just as she started away for the Old Bramble Patch, Mr.
Wicked Wolf jumped out from behind a tree. And, oh, dear me! If Lady
Love hadn’t opened her green silk parasol, and held it in front of her,
that wicked old wolf would have eaten the carrot flowers right off that
little lady rabbit’s bonnet.

“Fold up your parasol,” said Mr. Wicked Wolf, “or I’ll tear it into
fourteen different pieces.” And, of course, this frightened Lady Love
nearly to death, for she was very fond of her green silk parasol, let
me tell you.

“If you do,” said she, “I’ll tell the Bunnyville Regiment and they’ll
hang you.” And when Mr. Wicked Wolf heard that, he ran away as fast as
he could.

“Dearie me,” said poor frightened Lady Love, “times are dreadful.” And
she hurried home as fast as she could hop to put the new tea kettle on
to boil for supper.

And if the tea caddy doesn’t put golf balls in the new tea pot when
Lady Love isn’t looking, I’ll tell you in the next story about Timmy
Meadowmouse.




MR. MERRY SUN

  Little Timmy Meadowmouse,
  Has a round ball for a house.
  It’s made of nicely woven grass,
  But it hasn’t a window pane of glass.


“Hello,” he said, as Little Jack Rabbit stopped to look at a daisy.
“How are you this lovely day?”

“I’m going down to the Old Duck Pond to ask Granddaddy Bullfrog
something,” answered the little rabbit.

“What are you going to ask him?” inquired Timmy Meadowmouse.

“Never mind,” replied Little Jack Rabbit, “maybe I’ll tell you some
day,” and away he hopped, and by and by, pretty soon, not so very long,
he came to the Old Duck Pond. And there, sure enough, was Granddaddy
Bullfrog sitting on his log, winking and blinking in the sun.

“Good-morning, Granddaddy Bullfrog,” said Little Jack Rabbit, “have you
had your breakfast?”

“Had my breakfast?” almost shouted the old gentleman frog. “Why, it’s
almost time for lunch. I guess you’ve forgotten to set your watch
ahead.”

“Oh, dear me,” said the little rabbit, “I have.” So he pulled out his
gold watch and chain, the one that dear Uncle John Hare had given him,
oh, ’umpty ’leven stories ago, you remember, and then he set it on an
hour fast, and after that he looked up at the sky and laughed.

“Now don’t get mad, Mr. Merry Sun!”

“Well, I won’t get mad,” said the jolly old fellow, “but I’ll tell
you one thing, I shan’t get up any earlier myself. You people can do
what you wish, but I’ve been on time since the world began and I don’t
propose to be hurried at my age.” And then he rolled behind a cloud
just to show that he meant what he said.

“Do you think he’s angry?” asked the little rabbit.

“Not a bit,” answered Granddaddy Bullfrog. “What does he care if the
factory whistle blows an hour earlier. He doesn’t have to hurry. He
gets up in the purple east every day at the same time.”

“No, he doesn’t,” said a voice, and there stood Professor Jim Crow with
his little Wisdom Book.

“Let me read you something,” and then the wise old bird turned to page
23 and began:

  “The sun in the winter time rises late,
  Sometimes it’s sixty minutes to eight;
  But when the summer time comes once more,
  He often gets up at half-past four.”

And, oh, dear me! This made Granddaddy dreadfully angry.

“You don’t understand what I mean,” he said, and in the next story you
shall hear what the old gentleman frog really meant to say.




BOBBIE REDVEST


Now, let me see where we left off in the last story. Oh, yes; now I
remember. Professor Jim Crow had just corrected Granddaddy Bullfrog,
who was dreadful angry to think that he had made a mistake in saying
the sun got up every morning at the same time. And, just as he was
going to say something more, a little tadpole swam up to the log and
called out:

  “Granddaddy Bullfrog, please take care,
  The Miller’s Boy is just over there.
  He’ll throw a stone at you, I know,
  If you don’t quickly dive below.”

Well, sir, Granddaddy Bullfrog gave one look and then, kerplunk! he
dived into the water. And Professor Jim Crow flew away, and so did
Little Jack Rabbit--I mean hopped, for rabbits don’t fly--and pretty
soon he got into a dreadful scrape. Oh, dear me! I just hate to tell
you about it, but I must, for everything the little bunny does I write
down, even if I don’t see him do it. And do you know how I learn so
much about him? I’ll tell you. It’s because every morning Bobbie
Redvest comes to my window and says:

  “Wake up, wake up, you lazy man!
    And listen to my song.
  I saw your little rabbit friend
    Play tag the whole day long.”

And then I go to the window and ask him in, and give him some cracker
crumbs. And as soon as he has had his breakfast he tells me what to
write about. And if he didn’t there would be many days I wouldn’t know
what Little Jack Rabbit is doing, for I can’t run after him in the
Shady Forest all the time.

And, now I’m going to tell you about the scrape this dear little rabbit
got into. Oh, dear me again! I hope he’ll get out of it all right! I
told Bobbie Redvest to be around to-morrow bright and early to let me
know.

Well, just as Little Jack Rabbit hopped away from the Old Duck Pond he
saw the tip of Old Man Weasel’s nose from behind a tree, and the tip of
Danny Fox’s bushy tail behind a rock, and the left ear of Mr. Wicked
Wolf from behind a bush. Wasn’t that too dreadful for anything? Here
were these three enemies of the little rabbit just waiting to catch
him.

“Oh, dear, oh, dear!” said the poor little bunny, “I’m a goner now. I
know, I know it!” But he didn’t give up hope. Oh, my, no! He just said
that to himself, you see. Not to anybody else. And just then he heard
Bobbie Redvest sing very softly:

  “Under the bush, by your left hind toe,
  Is a little trap door that leads below.
  Jump back three feet as quick as you can.
  And you will be safe, little bunny man!”




THREE OLD RASCALS

  Don’t stop to ask the reason why,
    Nor say “Just a minute!”
  But do the thing you’re told to do
    For all that there is in it!


Well, you remember what little Bobbie Redvest told the little rabbit to
do in the last story--to jump back three feet and hide under the trap
door beneath the bush.

Well, sir, in less time than I can take to tell it, he was under the
door and hopping down a little stairway. But he didn’t forget to bolt
the door, and it’s mighty lucky he did, for the next minute Old Man
Weasel, Mr. Wicked Wolf and Danny Fox ran out from behind the trees and
tried to lift up the trap door.

“I’ll dig a hole all around it,” said Danny Fox, when they found they
couldn’t get in. So he set to work, and so did Old Man Weasel, while
Mr. Wicked Wolf sat down and took out his pipe and smoked. And whenever
Danny Fox stopped to wipe the perspiration from his face Mr. Wicked
Wolf would say, “Hurry up! The little rabbit will be in China before
you get started!”

And whenever Old Man Weasel stopped to wipe a little piece of dirt out
of his eye, Mr. Wicked Wolf would say:

“Hurry up, Old Man Weasel. Danny Fox will get in first!”

Well, by and by, after a while, Danny Fox came to the flight of stairs,
and maybe a minute or two later, Old Man Weasel got his head inside the
hallway, but there wasn’t room for both of them at the same time.

“Get out of here,” said Danny Fox, “I saw the little rabbit first.”

“I won’t!” shouted Old Man Weasel. “I saw him before you did!” And then
they started to talk and talk, till at last Mr. Wicked Wolf put his
pipe back in his pocket and said:

“You are both wrong. I saw him first.” And he took hold of Danny Fox by
the tail and dragged him out, and Old Man Weasel, too.

“You two talkers stay here while I go after the little rabbit,” said
Mr. Wicked Wolf, and he ran down the stairs as fast as he could. But,
goodness me! it was dark. And every once in a while he’d knock his head
against something, but he kept on just the same, and pretty soon he
saw a little light ahead.

And then, all of a sudden, a voice said:

  “What are you doing down here under ground,
  You wicked old wolf from the hill,
  You haven’t got brains to go in when it rains
  If you wake up a man when he’s ill.”

“I don’t know who you are and I didn’t know you were ill,” answered Mr.
Wicked Wolf, looking all around to see who was talking. “Who are you,
anyway?”




A PRISONER


Well, before Mr. Wicked Wolf found out who was talking to him as I
meant to tell you in the last story, he saw the tip of Little Jack
Rabbit’s tail. So he didn’t stop to find out, but ran down the dark
tunnel as fast as he could.

“Oh, dear me,” said the little rabbit to himself, “I thought Mr. Mole
would keep him for a few minutes till I got away.” And then the little
rabbit hopped along faster than ever, and I guess Mr. Wicked Wolf would
have caught him only the tunnel was so low and so narrow that Mr.
Wicked Wolf had to be very careful not to bump his head off.

Well, pretty soon, the little rabbit came to a door, and when he
opened it, he found himself in the Shady Forest. And just then who
should come by but the Big Brown Bear.

“Oh, help me, quick!” said Little Jack Rabbit.

“How?” asked the big bear.

“Roll that rock against this door,” begged the little rabbit. “Mr.
Wicked Wolf is after me.”

Then the Big Brown Bear put his shoulder against the rock and rolled
it up against the door, and then he sat down and said: “Whew! That was
a job!” And I guess it was, for he was all out of breath, for the rock
was as large as himself and maybe bigger.

“Let me out! Let me out!” shouted Mr. Wicked Wolf through the keyhole,
for he couldn’t even open the door a tiny crack because the bear had
rolled the stone up against it as tight as could be.

  “You stay in there till the 4th of July,
  Away from the sun and the bright blue sky;
  And maybe by then you will have grown wise
  Enough to wear spectacles over your eyes,”

shouted the Big Brown Bear as he and the little rabbit hopped away.
Dear me! Maybe the bear didn’t hop, but I was so excited for fear
Little Jack Rabbit wouldn’t get away that my typewriter picked out the
wrong word.

“Gracious me!” said the little rabbit, after a while, and maybe a mile.
“I guess I’ll telephone to Uncle John Hare and tell him what a narrow
escape I’ve just had!” So he hopped in the Hollow Tree Telephone booth
and called up “One, two, three, Ring Happy Bell, Rabbitville, U. S.
A.” And pretty soon he heard Uncle John Hare say, “Hello, who is it?”

“It’s me, Little Jack Rabbit,” answered the little bunny. And then he
told the dear old gentleman rabbit what had happened and Uncle John
Hare got so excited that he dropped the receiver on his left hind
toe--the one that had the rheumatism in it, you remember--and this made
him say something which I won’t repeat.

“Come over right away,” he said, after rubbing his toe three times and
a half.




THE RABBITVILLE TROLLEY


Now, I think Little Jack Rabbit would have made Uncle John Hare a call
if all of a sudden he hadn’t stopped to listen to Bobbie Redvest sing:

  “Professor Jim Crow in his little Wisdom Book
  Tells how to catch the fishes with a pin hook.
  So you, Simple Simon, with your mother’s pail,
  Listen to Professor Crow if you’d catch a whale.”

Perhaps I’ve made a mistake, or Professor Jim Crow has, for this is not
Mother Goose Land.

“Haven’t you made a mistake?” asked Little Jack Rabbit as the old crow
started to read a lesson on fishing.

“Well, I declare,” he answered. “Maybe I’m getting old. I’ve turned to
the wrong place.” And then he opened the book at page 23 and read:

  “Dingle, dingle, trolley car,
  The Motorman is my papa,
  And while he shows the greatest care
  My mother rings up every fare.”

“Ha, ha,” laughed Little Jack Rabbit. “The Rabbitville trolley cars
have lady bunny conductors,” and off he hopped to take a ride, for he
had five carrot cents in his knapsack.

Well, just as he reached Rabbitville a trolley car came by, so he held
up his striped candy cane and the motorman put on the brakes, and then
the little rabbit hopped on board and the lady bunny conductor rang the
bell three times and a half and away they went to Bunnybridge, just
over Clover River.

“Hello!” said a voice as the little rabbit sat down, and there in the
middle of the car sat Squirrel Nutcracker. He was reading the Chestnut
Times and laughing over Miss Hazel Nut’s jokes.

“Come over and sit by me,” said Old Squire Nutcracker. “Here’s
something about your Uncle.” And then he started to read:

“Mr. John Hare has just repainted his house on the corner of Carrot
Avenue and Cabbage Square. He says he must have his house nice and
white so he can see it late at night.”

And then Squirrel Nutcracker laughed some more, and he laughed so hard
that a hickory nut rolled out of his coat pocket and fell on the lady
conductor’s little toe and made her dreadfully angry, for she thought
Little Jack Rabbit had shot the nut out of his little popgun, you know.

And just then the trolley bell began to ring like everything. Maybe
there was some one on the track.




FARMER DADDY LONGLEGS


Now, let me see where we left off in the last story. Oh, yes, I
remember now. It was just as the trolley car bell rang on the way to
Bunnybridge.

“What’s the matter?” asked Squirrel Nutcracker, for the car stopped so
suddenly that his hat came off. And then they heard the motorman, who
was a billy goat, say:

  “Why don’t you get out of the way
  With your cracky old wagon of hay,
  Why don’t you look back
  When you’re on the track,
  And not keep me waiting all day.”

And who do you suppose was driving the load of hay? Why, it was Old
Farmer Daddy Longlegs. He was sitting on top and saying giddap to a
pair of little field mice.

“I’m very sorry, Mr. Motorman,” answered Farmer Daddy Longlegs. “Just
wait a minute and I’ll get off the track.”

And then he turned the little mice to the right, and when the trolley
car went by it pulled off some of the hay and it fell into the open
window and covered Mrs. Duck’s new bonnet, with the yellow roses on it.

“I’ll make a wish, for every time you pass a load of hay you must make
a wish, you know, and if you don’t tell anybody it will surely come
true,” she said with a quack.

Well, by and by, after a while, they came to Clover River, and as the
trolley car couldn’t swim it went over the bridge, and in less than
five hundred short seconds it stopped in Bunnybridge, on the corner of
Cookey Street and Cocoanut Avenue.

“Last stop. All out,” shouted the billy goat conductor, so all the
passengers left by the front door, for there was a big sign in the car
which said:

  “Have your nickel ready
    When you board the car,
  Get off at the front door,
    No matter where you are.”

But, oh, dear me. Just as Little Jack Rabbit hopped to the sidewalk a
deep, growly voice said:

  “What are you doing over here,
  So far from the Bramble Patch?
  If I were hungry I’d eat you up
  As quick as I’d strike a match.”

“Oh, please don’t,” cried the little rabbit. “Please, Mr. Wicked Wolf,
let me go just this once.” And unless Mr. Wicked Wolf gets dreadfully
hungry all of a sudden, you shall hear what happened after that.

  Mr. Wolf carries a big gunny sack
    Over his shoulder and down his back.
  Whenever he catches a squirrel or hare,
    He drops him into his sack with care,
  And then he says with a terrible grin,
    “I’ll eat you up before you get thin!”




ACORN COTTAGE

  Mr. Wicked Wolf has a dreadful grin;
  His teeth are bright and shiny like a piece of tin;
  And wouldn’t you be frightened if he should say to you;
  “I’ll eat you up before you count one billion twenty-two”?


Well, that’s what Mr. Wicked Wolf said just as I finished the story
before this, and I would have added a P. S. and told you, only I was
afraid you’d stay awake all night wondering how the little rabbit would
ever get away. But never mind. I won’t let that dreadful wolf hurt him,
not if I have to get a gun and go after him myself.

[Illustration: Mr. Wicked Wolf Runs Away From the Dog Tramp.
_Little Jack Rabbit and Mr. Wicked Wolf._ _Page 115_]

Well, the little rabbit began to count just as fast as he could, and
just as he reached nine thousand nine hundred and maybe a little
more the Yellow Dog Tramp came by and gave a loud bark:

  “Don’t hurt my bunny friend;
  Get out of here, I say.
  It’s safer far for you to be
  A million miles away.”

And when Mr. Wicked Wolf heard that he turned around and ran home as
fast as he could, and maybe faster.

“Come with me, little rabbit,” said the kind Yellow Dog Tramp. So they
went into the wood and turned down a little path until they came to a
tiny house under a big oak tree. And right over the front door was a
sign:

“Acorn Cottage.”

“Who lives there?” asked Little Jack Rabbit.

“Wait and see,” said the Yellow Dog Tramp, and then he knocked three
times and pretty soon a little Green Snake opened the door. She had on
a little pink bonnet and a white apron and on the end of her tail was a
pretty gold watch.

“What do you want?” she asked, for she was a very timid little snake,
let me tell you, and was dreadfully afraid of tramps and burglars.

“My little rabbit friend would like to find his fortune,” said the
Yellow Dog Tramp, “and I hear you are very wise and know how to tell
fortunes better than a gypsy. So please tell my little bunny friend
where his fortune is.”

“Come in,” said the little Green Snake. So Little Jack Rabbit and the
Yellow Dog Tramp went into the little house, and pretty soon she told
Little Jack Rabbit to sit down.

“You have two Liberty Bonds and three War Saving Stamps,” she said,
after she had looked at the lines in his little paw, “and in three days
and a half you will find a bright penny under a stone on the Shady
Forest Trail. That will be the beginning of your fortune.” And then she
coiled herself up and began to sway back and forth, and in the next
story you shall hear what happened after that.




JENNY WREN’S PENNY


You remember in the last story as the little Green Snake coiled herself
in a ring and swayed back and forth, she began to sing:

  “Under a stone on the Forest Trail
  Close to the home of a little black snail,
  Is a bright new penny, so stop to-day
  And pick it up on your homeward way.”

“I will,” said Little Jack Rabbit, and then he and Yellow Dog Tramp
set out, and by and by they saw a little stone just ahead of them. And
close beside it was a black snail in her little house which she always
carries around with her, rain or shine.

“Hurrah,” cried the little rabbit, “now I will find my fortune,” and
he pushed aside the stone and was just going to pick up the bright
penny when a voice said:

  “Don’t you touch that penny,
  For it belongs to Jenny,
  To pretty little Jenny Wren
  Who lives down in the shady glen.”

“Oh, dear me,” sighed Little Jack Rabbit, “I thought I could take it.”

“Who are you?” asked the Yellow Dog Tramp, looking all around to see
who had spoken, but there was no one in sight. And just then, all of a
sudden, out jumped Chippy Chipmunk in his little striped jacket. “That
penny belongs to Jenny Wren. She lost it this morning.”

“Then why don’t you take it to her?” said the Yellow Dog Tramp.

“I’m keeping watch till she comes back,” answered Chippy Chipmunk. “I
don’t know where she went.” And then the little chipmunk laughed and
picked up a nut and stuffed it into the little pocket in his left cheek.

“Well, there’s no use waiting here,” said Little Jack Rabbit. “I must
get back to the Old Bramble Patch before sundown or mother will worry.”
And off he started, lipperty lip, clipperty clip, but just then who
should come by but little Jenny Wren herself. She wasn’t flying. Oh,
my, no. She was walking slowly over the ground and looked here and
there and everywhere.

“Did you see a bright penny?” she asked.

“It’s by that stone,” said Little Jack Rabbit. “Close by the snail in
her little shell house.”

So Jenny Wren hopped over to the stone and picked up her lost penny,
and if she doesn’t spend it for a lemon lollypop I’ll tell you what
happened after that.

  A lollypop’s a lovely thing,
    Just like a flower in the spring.
  It grows upon the Lolly Tree
    Beside the winding river Dee.




HUNGRY HAWK


“I must leave now,” said the Yellow Dog Tramp, who, you remember in the
last story, had found the lost penny for little Jenny Wren.

  “Come and see me soon again,
  If it doesn’t chance to rain,”

said Little Jack Rabbit, as he watched his good friend run away.

Well, after that, the little bunny hopped along, and by and by he saw
Timmy Meadowmouse near his little house in the Sunny Meadow. And if
you’ve forgotten what Timmy Meadowmouse’s house looks like I’ll tell
you. It’s like a little ball, made out of grass, woven together on the
top of two or three stiff stalks of meadow grass.

“Hello, Timmy Meadowmouse. What are you doing?”

“Keeping a lookout for Hungry Hawk,” he answered. “It was only a few
minutes ago he flew by, way up in the sky. Oh, ever so high. But I
don’t want to be caught in his cruel claws,” and the little meadowmouse
shivered at the thought.

“Neither do I,” said Little Jack Rabbit. “I won’t wait, but hurry home
to the Old Bramble Patch.” And it was a good thing he did, for just
then Hungry Hawk came sailing by and if he had seen the little rabbit
maybe he would have stooped down and caught him then and there and
maybe some other place.

“What has kept you so late?” asked Lady Love as her little bunny son
hopped up the garden walk to the kitchen door, where the good lady
bunny stood shading her eyes with her left hind paw. She said nothing
when she learned how he had almost been caught by Mr. Wicked Wolf and
that the Yellow Dog Tramp had come by just in time. But when he said he
had found a penny, she exclaimed: “Where is it?”

“Oh, dear,” answered the little rabbit, “it belonged to Jenny Wren. She
lost it this morning, so I had to give it to her.”

And just then the telephone rang.

“Hello,” said Little Jack Rabbit. “Is it you?”

“It surely is,” said the old gentleman rabbit. “What do you suppose is
the matter?” But Little Jack Rabbit couldn’t guess, and I don’t believe
you can, so I’ll tell you right away.

“My Sonora won’t stop singing,” said the old gentleman rabbit, “and the
three grasshoppers and the black cricket on the hearth can’t sleep. So
what shall I do?”

“Call in the Old Red Rooster. He used to work in a talking machine
factory before he came to you.”

And that’s just what Uncle John Hare did, and the next day he came over
in his Bunnymobile and took Little Jack Rabbit out for a long drive.




CANDY CATS AND CHOCOLATE MICE


After the Old Red Rooster had repaired the Sonora, he went back to the
barn to dust off the cobwebs. But, oh, dear me! All of a sudden, he
brushed down a little black spider who had her web in the northeast
corner.

  “You’re a very mean rooster to pull down my web,
  For now I must spin me another,
  If things must be clean you’ve no right to be mean,
  I’ve a notion to tell your good mother.”

“Please don’t,” begged the Old Red Rooster. “She’s a very old hen and
it might worry her so she couldn’t lay an egg.”

Just then Little Jack Rabbit and Uncle John Hare drove up in the
Bunnymobile, so the little black spider began to spin a new web and
the Old Red Rooster commenced to dust off the top of the buggy.

“Well, here we are, home again,” said the old gentleman rabbit, and he
took off his old wedding stovepipe hat and wiped his forehead with his
blue silk polkadot handkerchief, and after that he looked at his gold
watch and chain and fixed the diamond horseshoe pin in his red necktie.
You see, there was a little old broken mirror which he kept in the barn
so that in case his stovepipe hat wasn’t on straight he could fix it
before going out automobiling.

As soon as the Bunnymobile was safe in the garage he and Little Jack
Rabbit went into the house and wound up the graphophone. And this is
the song it sang:

  “The candy cat ate a chocolate mouse,
  O dearie, dearie me.
  And the little toy dog chased the little toy cat,
  Till she climbed up a cinnamon tree.”

Dear, dear me! Here we are at the end of the book. I wonder why the
pages turn over so quickly; perhaps it is because Little Jack Rabbit
hops so fast. But never mind, dear little reader, I am going to tell
you some more about this little bunny boy in another book entitled
“Little Jack Rabbit and Hungry Hawk.”

  Yours for a story,
      DAVID CORY,
    The Jack Rabbit Man.

[Illustration: SOME PICTURES OF LITTLE JACK RABBIT’S TRAVELS AND
ADVENTURES]

  The three Little grasshoppers
  bowed to Uncle Lucky.

  Cocky Doodles and
  Henny Jenny take a walk.

  “Hold up Yours,” said the
  Policeman Dog.

  Mr. Wicked Wolf had to
  shut his eyes.

  “I saw Little Jack Rabbit last
  night, my dear,” said the Fox.

  This made Mrs. Cow laugh.

  “Goodness me! Where has
  that little bunny gone?”
  he said.

  The little rabbit said
  goodbye.




  Transcriber’s Notes:

  Italics are shown thus: _sloping_.

  Small capitals have been capitalised.

  Variations in spelling and hyphenation are retained.

  Perceived typographical errors have been changed.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK LITTLE JACK RABBIT AND MR.
WICKED WOLF ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
